docs: add `Response.json` static method (#22970)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/response/index.md

## Static methods

- {{domxref("Response.error_static","Response.error()")}}
  - : Returns a new `Response` object associated with a network error.

> - {{domxref("Response.redirect_static", "Response.redirect()")}}
>   - : Creates a new response with a different URL.
> - {{domxref("Response.json_static", "Response.json()")}}
>   - : Creates a new `Response` object for returning the provided JSON encoded data.

Reviewer: Consistency change

```suggestion
- {{domxref("Response.redirect_static", "Response.redirect()")}}
  - : Returns a new response with a different URL.
- {{domxref("Response.json_static", "Response.json()")}}
  - : Returns a new `Response` object for returning the provided JSON encoded data.
```

>   - : Creates a new response whose body is the JSON-encoded data, and status, status message, and headers are provided by init.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - : Creates a new response whose body is the provided JSON.
```

I think "and status, status message, and headers are provided by init" is a little hard to parse, and "init" isn't named like that in the linked page, and explaining it all here would start to be unwieldy for this entry, which is really just intended to be a link to the page and a very short summary (cf `redirect()` doesn't mention that you can set `status`, and that seems fine to me, too).

Reviewer: @wbamberg Strongly agree. This method is a simple way to create JSON responses, so that's what I'll say. How it does so - i.e. in the body and by setting content type header is nice to have. But the point of these summaries is to know if you want to learn more.

So my variant, which I am going to accept and merge, is:

```suggestion
  - : Creates a new `Response` object for returning the provided JSON encoded data.
```
